This is a head gum original.
Nope.
Hello?
Yeah.
Good.
You did.
I've never done this.
Is.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Please, now.
No.
This is never happened before.
Oops.
All producer.
Yeah.
Wow.
Everybody.
Get to it.
Get stole from my.
Get started.
Oh.
The first edit of that song or the second.
What was that?
Was that the first edit of that song or the second?
I'm here.
What?
Help me out.
None of these.
I don't understand the question.
Um.
The original version of that song.
Sure.
Oh.
I understand the question.
And.
Okay.
So you're like inching out of frame here.
Yeah.
Well, you're.
So Jeffrey.
You're going to get up and adjust the camera.
No, just like if you could turn your body.
Exactly.
If I'm sitting over there.
I would adjust the camera.
But so you want me to sit.
No.
I'll do what you did.
This is like some sort of lackey Wednesday where Jeff is producing a show.
I think we started.
Yeah.
We started.
And then the.
Don't move it.
The producer.
Right off the bat.
All right.
You look great.
Yeah.
Um.
No.
I mean, we listen.
I don't want to be rude to anyone here.
Because everyone here works hard on the show except for a mirror.
But, you know, there's been obvious laps and judgments, slaps and time.
And I figured I might as well just take over the reigns of producing.
Got it.
Um.
And then get all three of the producers, which we're only going to get to.
But now we have all three.
So this is perfect.
Um.
In the room on the zoom.
I don't know.
Maybe create more sympathy for each other, right?
To see for y'all to see how hard it is to be taking the reigns of hosting.
And for me to see how.
I mean, maybe hard it is to produce.
But I don't know.
I feel like I can live at it.
Like, look at that.
That was so easy.
And it's such like something.
What's that?
So couples counts.
I pressed the wrong button.
I went to like the foreshot when I met to do.
Yeah.
So get it on me.
And then I can even shoot it on to me.
Right?
Cause there I am.
Yeah.
And I say this is like something.
A couple's counselor told you to do like to understand the other person's plight.
Yeah.
So like now you're going to be more.
Sympathetic towards the engineers and producers that make the show.
Hopefully.
Sure.
And hopefully vice versa, right?
Well.
I mean, I host to show every week and release it and like do all the editing.
Yeah.
And I also do that.
I'm like a number of other shows.
So you both.
I'm not learning much.
And you and you wear many hats.
Yeah.
And why do you in.
Is it because you guys are deaths on the show a lot?
Is that what you're saying?
I can't even see Casey.
Yeah.
You couldn't move.
You can move over a little bit.
Yeah.
You got it.
Sorry.
Who should introduce everybody?
Cause I feel like you're still the host.
Yeah.
Are you the host?
Or you should introduce Grace Harper at Charles Borkley to the show.
All the way from down under.
And yeah.
So Grace, you want to tell us a little bit about what you do on the show.
You're basically the new Ferris.
Sure.
How did that come about?
How did what come about?
How did Grace become your defacto.
Yeah.
Engineer slash editor.
Well, you didn't have a chance to speak.
Right.
I said, sure.
Yeah.
That's all you care to say.
That's a compliment.
He's a hard worker, nice guy.
Yeah.
Jeff is?
No.
Ferris is.
I took over.
No.
I don't know.
We had Ferris.
And then he.
I think quit.
And then did Ferris train you?
But to do this job?
No.
So how did you?
Cause then great.
Yeah.
Then Grace and Wise took over.
Right.
From Grace and to Grace.
Yeah.
Did Grace and.
What's that?
Tall.
Do you like what I want to know?
Are you asking me?
Yeah.
Are you asking Grace?
Cause you're looking at me and then at the very land.
You look at Grace.
Like, let's see, like, ask Grace and other questions.
Really.
But you'll be a host.
And is that kind of difficult for conversation?
Is that your thing?
I don't know.
How does that look for camera?
Not good.
You guys are at, like, the opposite ends of frame.
Like, I almost have to go back to the foreshot.
And that's a little bit better.
Yeah.
Are you for share recording?
I'm both.
Ah, yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Looks like videos recording.
But I can't speak for audio.
Audio is, oh.
Oh.
No.
It is real.
We're good.
Well, we should say, okay.
So let's just lay out what everybody does on the phone.
Well, so from my perspective, I got an email.
Okay.
That's true.
This is actually the, this might be the most recent show I've taken on.
And then how did you reach out to us?
Well, it's funny because Chris was working on it.
Yeah.
With what?
Like, you emailed Katie out of the blue.
You applied for freelance job.
I applied for it.
No, the engineer job in December 2021.
Well, high to the pandemic.
And you were at the UK.
Tail end.
I don't know.
Everybody was back.
Yeah.
That's fine.
You were still in the UK.
Yeah.
And you were like, I can move places or I can do it remotely.
And where you're wondering if, yeah, you were still in the UK?
No.
I was applying to the job to be here or the new year of the studio.
It seems sort of, um, non-specific.
Yeah.
And then the, uh, had three rounds of interviews.
Wow.
And then.
Too many.
Didn't really get the job.
Um, but was told we'd like to keep you one as a freelancer as well.
I've been freelancing since.
And so here we are.
What other shows have you worked on besides the Hedgehog podcast?
Oh, I look on.
Mazeal Goys.
Oh, wow.
Um, when it.
Retop.
Well, when it returned.
TBD.
Um, nice cut that out.
That's okay.
Oh, like, yeah.
I could cut anything.
Um, goes on points.
Sit on the indie.
This show and twin evasion.
And is the process for this show?
Does it.
Is it more unique than the other shows?
Does it stand out to you?
No.
Are you getting like, or does it just feel like another podcast?
It is slightly different in the, um,
because Jeff has already mixed everything to video.
I have to local the audio and time.
Um, sort of a just.
And would you say the emails that you get from Jeff are at a normal business.
Our kind of frantically sent in the middle of the night.
But maybe that's fine because it's sort of London.
I feel like this is usually where our producer steps in and just says,
like, let's keep things on track.
Let's keep things joyful.
Yeah.
Just two that was on the board.
The issue I had more with Jeff's communication is that.
No, because I wanted to talk about Jeff's.
Yeah.
And I wanted to talk about, yeah.
Right.
Like fleeting.
Yes.
Exactly.
It's possible to be available and then he's unavailable.
Yeah.
Right. Like where did he go?
He has a smartphone.
And we're seeing on the screen right now.
But on the case, he aren't even trying to get a word in that dress.
Well, I think they want your serious selection.
Yeah.
This is between you guys.
We're kind of staying out of it.
Although I have a question.
Yeah.
It wasn't one of your interviews with the mayor.
Was it with me and Jay?
Yeah.
Wow.
Cool.
So how was that?
Good.
It happened.
So I had an interview with K.E.
And then a week later, I had an interview with Mike.
Come a day.
Yeah.
Great.
Who was leaving and was very candid.
Yeah.
He was on.
Tell us about his order.
Oh, he was straight up like asked me about salary.
I'll tell you.
Yeah.
That's why we had to fire my camera.
Where's my camera?
Whoa, our cans just got louder.
Jeffery, was that you?
I, I, I, I, I, I do your fucking job.
I, I, I, I, I.
We're not on a ship, man.
So messed up.
No, I don't know.
I have to, I have to sort of be forceful with Jeff some time.
So a mirror heard people talking about salary at the car.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not a freelancer.
Sorry.
How much did a comment say?
Wait.
Because he's a fucking like son of a boy.
I want to know what a mirror was like in the interview.
In the zoom room.
Um.
Fine.
I was, so I had to have the next day.
Asked it answered.
That's fine.
That's the nicest thing you could say.
If you think about it.
Because usually it's like nasty stuff over zoom.
So fine.
It's considered like fine.
It's great.
Fine.
Well, he did.
Um, he was momentarily mean to me.
But I did deserve it.
And I don't wish.
This is how I'm here.
I can't believe it.
Well, I just said I used to listen to.
If I leave.
And now.
Did don't we all.
Yes.
You were sort of ahead of the curve.
Yeah.
You used to cancel this before we canceled.
I knew the pain was coming.
And I was like, oh, oh, quit this.
And was my reaction sort of over the top.
Jokey anger or was, did you actually feel like I had higher towards you?
Because he used to listen to the show.
But you don't anymore.
Well, I thought I don't mean to butt in here.
Because that's not really a producer's job.
But um, you were saying that you felt like if you were not in the zoom, but in the room,
that you would have felt physically in danger.
I wouldn't do that by the way.
Do what?
I wouldn't have said that much stuff.
Okay.
Yeah.
But I also use a friend.
Well, we should also say that you guys are like missing tons of opportunities
to like interrupt their conversation.
Like force your agenda through.
You're not like letting live like giving notes.
Like I would have hit one of those.
I would have done like, uh, I don't know.
Word of the week.
We already said head gum.
That was the day.
We don't have.
We keep leading grace to answers, and then we never hear what the answers are.
Like the communication with Jeff.
We never really heard about that.
Yeah.
What I said about you not listening to that.
If I were you anymore, we didn't hear about that either.
And why do you think that is?
Because you sort of interrupt the rail side track, the entire conversation.
All right.
Yeah.
I can tell you exactly how you reacted.
And I'd like to know what you think of your reaction.
Okay.
Which is it.
You put your thumb over your camera.
So you could no longer see me.
Uh-huh.
So you're like, I don't listen to the show anymore.
And then I put my thumb over the camera.
Yeah.
That's like a, that's like a Shakespearean insult.
Oh, yeah.
Shakespeare hated Zoom famously.
I thought Grace was going to say you were going to.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think you're sitting down.
I think that's why we get a higher.
I thought Grace was going to like during the interview.
Yeah.
During the interview.
I can't play here.
You're saying man.
I think, I think Jeff was just saying what I just said.
Yeah, but I'm about to edit this right after.
So I was going to maybe like, because I kind of noticed the case.
He said that.
You know, like, that's kind of funny.
Yeah.
So why don't I say it on my camera.
And I can choose later.
Who I want to have said that.
So Grace is responsible for that.
I think right.
That's true.
For the video version, it's all on him.
But for the audio only, the podcast version.
Hmm.
Interesting.
I'll do whatever everyone.
Yeah.
So tell me again about the communication style.
You're saying you hear from Jeff a lot.
And then he disappears vanishes for days.
No, no.
I rarely hear from him.
I hear from him once a week.
If that with the episode files.
Hmm.
Sometimes.
Two, three weeks.
We'll absolutely nothing.
Not funny.
But okay.
In Jeff's defense.
You like that?
Great.
They have a four.
I say what I'm going to say.
I just take the cup.
I think I like about Jeff.
If there was a thing.
It would be that when he doesn't.
It's not like that the episode doesn't go up.
Like he could send everything to you and make his life easier.
Instead, he stays up all night editing himself because he forgot to send it to him
in time.
So he's suffering for the first.
Got it.
Yeah.
Which I think is nice.
It is.
It's very strange and admirable.
It's like a professional model.
This even this episode for.
But like also.
It's a Wednesday.
It's going up on.
Right.
Yeah.
And because also it like deprives me of money.
Right.
He's taking money out of your pot.
So.
Well, not necessarily.
Right.
Because like you're going to edit the assembly files after this.
Hmm.
But those were the things that you don't send it to grace.
That is money that you're taking from her pocket and putting it to yours.
Interesting.
Should we take a break?
It's only been 13 minutes.
We have a ton of stuff to get to that we haven't even touched it.
Because we've been like in this weird dumbass setup.
And I don't even know like because I'm trying to get an word in touch.
Casey hasn't said jack other than like fixing thing.
I had a pretty funny joke of like me giving it.
Right.
That's what they'll be seeing.
They'll be probably the same social thing.
Yeah.
Very good.
I feel like I never noticed how low these arms are.
Yeah.
Strange being on this side.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what the whole thing is about.
Right.
Because I have this camera staring at what the whole thing is about.
It's about us testing out the chair.
We're sort of auditing the room.
We're doing it all the way.
And I'll start it.
In a way.
But it's very low key.
You know, it's.
What was that?
Somebody was leaving or coming.
Oh, yeah.
We should also say.
People are doing it.
Constructions happening as we specifically on this room.
The studio is outer walls.
There will be a whole being made in this one.
Are you kidding me?
Some one.
I'm real.
Should be coming through the wall.
And you're somewhere around.
It's a wall near you.
Yeah.
We're just going to have to put the wire through your heart.
I mean, we got to get in here somehow.
That would.
Bond of the week.
Who do you guys got?
My pick is Matthew McFaden.
It's a good one.
So is the audio definitely loud by the time you get it or does Jeff sort of adjust that before you?
No, absolutely.
No, it's a hundred percent.
That loud.
Yes, a hundred percent.
He has it up at a hundred.
Hold on a second.
Yeah, because I might lose the level sometimes.
So that's not necessarily the sound effects fault.
Just that we're really quiet.
And then the sound effects were so loud.
I wonder if that's something that you do in poster.
If that's a grace response.
Bond of the week.
The bum drop one is also really loud.
Yeah.
How do you figure?
It's all loud.
You figure.
Yeah, but then it's usually followed by a clap.
You know, which I think is usually fine.
Yeah.
The claps are fine.
Also, which one?
Some of the other ones are all right.
I will eat your ass.
It's not too loud.
My bond of the week is pasta.
This Bostonian hockey player that was eliminated recently.
So he has plenty of freedom on his hand.
I think his name is something pastor and actor, something.
But pasta isn't easy.
Why did you bring it though?
I'm just saying he's a hard week for me.
He's making it worse.
He's a bruiser and an abuser.
He doesn't have to eat.
With the tart.
I don't.
I never know.
It's hard to edit the show when everybody is so slow in their town.
Oh, when they're talking.
I know who's been said in the second time.
I said this all the time for.
That we should hear it.
Oh, we should hear it.
We should hear it.
So I'm doing it right now.
So that we don't have to edit the pasta later.
For a bond of the week is Matthew McConaughey.
That's pretty good.
Two Matthew is actually on your way.
Matthew, Matthew, Max actually.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
I don't think you can say the second word.
Matthew, make a...
Chronicle.
Is there another famous?
Um, I'm a comedian.
McModene.
Yeah.
Matt McDonnell.
Like am I supposed to stay calm when you guys are spewing shit that I know I'm going
to have to cut out later?
Yeah.
I also want to say...
I just meant...
When I talk.
It's ridiculous.
I didn't realize that was where the slur came from till right now.
Oh, yeah.
I think I said...
I was saying like, oh, they have the same last name.
Yeah, MC.
I'm going to get fired.
That's okay.
Am I going to get fired?
I think we're all learning.
I think no one should be scared until I get fired.
Well, slur.
What's that for real?
Well, let's slur.
Are you talking about that?
I mean, great.
A derogatory term for an Irish person, I think.
I don't mean to say.
Yeah.
That from the last name.
Isn't that a show?
I think I think it because there's a lot of mix.
Well, sort of like, shrill.
You know, like you wouldn't actually say that about somebody.
Yeah.
And then if you did, you'd be about a person.
But it's a great show name.
Shrill?
What's that?
Nothing.
Thank you.
Um.
Mine is our, um.
Our contractor who scheduled this construction at the same time as the heavy
on podcasts.
That's pretty good.
I'm sure he did not know that we were recording the head gun podcast.
He's a big thing.
While he was putting a hole in the wall of the studio.
Yeah.
I'm sure of that.
Do you guys think that when contractors make a hole in the wall and, you know,
they maybe like dress up like a pirate and they're like,
a hole.
Sorry.
No.
You should cut that out.
I can't get it.
Well, Casey, do you mind if you, could you say it?
So that it sounds like you made this stupid joke?
Just mouth it and help with his voice.
When you think, when you guys think a contractor puts a hole in the wall,
do they dress up like a pirate and go,
a hole.
Why does he work?
That came out of nowhere.
That's really funny.
But I'm not reacting to anyone.
Sorry.
On you.
I already said mine.
Oh, you?
I just said it.
It sounded like you were trying to say something else.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
I had some.
It's fine.
Not one of the weakest Austin powers.
That's pretty good.
I like that.
I just rewatched that phrase.
Which one?
The first one.
Is it good?
Then it holds up.
I heard you wrote it in four or five days or something.
That also tracks.
Yeah.
You guys ever have like panic attacks.
Or it feels like you're about to have a heart attack.
You're like Googling like the actual symptoms of like pre-hard attack.
Right.
Like chest attack.
Pre-hard attack.
On your left side, if you're, you know, prone to that kind of thing.
Yeah.
I also think we should give Austin powers an emotional send up.
Like kill the character off.
Because I don't think you can, I don't think they can bring him back.
Oh, I think.
Like I think they could disagree.
Make Austin powers maybe now.
Yeah.
I'm saying they shouldn't.
They should make a serious movie with he dies.
I like that.
Like Austin powers skyfall.
Yeah.
It's kind of like a full circle moment.
Have you guys ever had a moment?
I'm new me.
God is.
I'm a mermaid moment.
What do you say?
I'm like a little mermaid.
Are you a little mermaid?
I'm a little mermaid.
Dye your hair red.
And walk down to the street.
Shirtless.
At first.
Carrying a fish.
She's not sure.
She hasn't seen show, bro.
Oh, yeah.
Put on a sea shell, bro.
Bro.
Pantsless.
She wears gills.
Really?
She wears them.
She has them.
I was just going to say, have you guys ever had a moment in surgery,
where you maybe saw the other side?
Uh.
I did have a medical procedure where I could see my insides.
Wow.
While you were awake.
Take a break.
I was.
What?
Say it then.
Say the interesting bullshit.
It was a surgery where she saw her insides.
It wasn't surgery.
It was a.
And Noscopy.
Oh, I see.
Look at her camera.
You saw the.
What was that?
Why were they showing it to you?
Are you.
I would want to say.
No, they would want to say.
No, they would say.
They would.
What's cousin?
The UK.
They've CCTV everywhere.
Yeah.
I feel like whatever is on the screen would only be interesting.
The camera.
I don't know.
That goes through your mouth, right?
Yeah.
But they did also put it up the other end too.
Wow.
I'm going to see what's up there.
What a plan.
What was that?
Did you just start to introduce a segment and then bail on it?
Casey, have you ever had a colonoscopy?
No.
Okay.
Probably.
Probably should get one.
I'm here.
About my.
Also know, but yeah, getting to that age.
I think in your 40s you're supposed to start getting them.
Yeah.
You guys both in your 40s?
No, I got a few years.
But I was after drinking a few beers.
Yeah.
It's not me if this is too personal.
Have any of you guys ever had an abnormal path?
Jeff.
I'm just trying to get to the bottom of shit.
The boys have path?
No.
That's the worst part.
Yeah.
That's why it's inappropriate.
Um.
Yeah.
There's no way.
Who's the last time you guys had to dress black tie?
Fuck off.
I don't think I never had like maybe a wedding.
Yeah.
But like getting out of somewhere.
Or black tie dress code.
I'm pretty sure.
Would you do bolo?
I do.
I do bolo.
Of course you do bolo.
I do bolo kinds of societal norms in terms of evening wear in terms of...
I'm a disruptor.
Yeah.
You and the rest of stuff.
I did right before we started recording this.
I ran out of the studio because I saw a friend of mine walking down the street.
Who looks like me.
So we could say hi and then talk.
Bring them in.
Um.
I think he's gone.
No.
But.
I've never been cool.
I've never been.
Sorry.
He's never been here.
No.
What's that, Jeff?
Can you say that?
Just sentence again.
Because you had a little bit of a lip smack.
And it's going to be tough for that.
Which sentence?
Yeah.
I don't know if you care about that.
So just if you could like.
Okay.
From the moment you saw something.
Like when some garbage and then you're picking this knit.
Okay.
I'll try and recreate the magic.
Um.
I also cut these out.
You cut out lip smacks.
Yeah.
What is that even like to look?
Someone who goes like that.
No.
It's like when somebody goes like that.
Why is that bad?
That noise.
Yeah.
Just go straight.
I don't know.
I don't know why you guys think I'm bad.
But I deal with.
There's no human lips smack.
Are there usually games?
Uh, we have discussion points later, not necessarily.
I've got that even in the outline.
Yeah.
I'll do it again, uh, I'm glad we're getting a clean.
Right before we started recording right before I want to get inside.
No, we ran outside to say hi, and we look.
Very similar, almost the same outfit actually and uh, why don't you bring it up?
Is that real? Do I need to do it again? Sorry. Yeah, I'm I'm really sorry about that. Can you do that again?
I'm sure this Mike did not pick up that sneeze. I just you're I think I saw I mean just so we're we have it. All right
So right before we started recording I saw my friend walking by the window and I ran outside to say hi to him
And we actually look very similar
Very similar outfits on now everyone looks mad that I'm I'm doing this, but I'm just trying to make the best
Show possible
on his phone Jeff is on his phone. What was that? It was TikTok. I just I thought it was on you
I think we got it there. Okay, great. I don't know I'd even just use the other Frankenstein it
Well, it might be easier to get the lips smack out than to try and Frankenstein anything
I just don't need you have to hear that again. Just so people are like like getting a little smarter and in terms of post-production
What can you sort of explain or frank in signing means?
Um, I don't know if that's the best use of our time. I'm really in like 21 minutes
Drinking signing would be like I don't know people know the concept of ADR which they call automated dialogue replacement
Which is not even true because it's not automated. You have to
It's additional. Yeah, so we have to say
So it's not actually doesn't say I'm proud. I made it something. No, yeah, yeah, it doesn't stand for automated. That was a test
Grace didn't say anything which is kind of interesting because she is sort of our post supervisor on the show
An audio engineer for the road slash ages. Did you call left to you a friend?
Yeah, I called after I'm gonna run. We're on it. You heard it. Oh
It's like that said Morgan. He's never been here. He just like walks by
I mean, yeah, he's never I don't think he's ever been in the studio, but he did just direct a feature film
Featuring some had come talent Mike Mitchell John Gabriel. Oh, yes. I remember you talking about yeah
Those guys being in your friends movie. Yeah, and that was the friend that I saw outside the window
Get him in here. I wonder where he was headed. Okay. Oh
Well, he was wearing a WGA shirt. I think he was I was on his way to or from picketing. Finally
A normal fucking segue. Let's talk about the WGA strike. Right. How does that affect what we do here?
And vice versa. Oh, I think business is gonna be booming. It's good for us because now all these
Yeah, they're they're not waiting. They're gonna come here
Amazon's got extra cannot going to be speaking unscripted word exactly
So we're not necessarily part of that union. We're not scabs. We're just giving people a secondary revenue stream
Yeah, honestly
Better than protesting. I want to say I think the studio should be scared. Yes, the charts are like this exactly
Sick
Did you just start playing Pink Floyd?
Yeah, so this is like what I imagine like I don't know
Yes, today morning. Yeah, this morning was co-in walking in with sunglasses to the tune of this song snap
I'm gonna let her jacket. Yeah
Right and up from the cowboy boots up. Yeah, it's now dick out by accident. Yes. Yeah
Well, that's good. I didn't think about that. Hopefully hopefully I can see some of that fucking cash, but yeah, um anyway
The whole fucking industry's grinding to a halt. Yeah, and I guess there are other unions
Yeah, I guess the DGA you know might follow suit
I'll be interesting. What's interesting about
We're pro union. No, I don't know not where but there's no podcast union you guys haven't really tried to move the needle there in any way
Would you like do you look hold a company right here?
So let's fucking figure the union is right now and front of the mirror. Let's let's start the idea
Let's start the election. Can you join? I'm legally a producer
No, you're not a mere can join, but Marty can't oh, that's great. Yeah, so we would sue Marty or something
Yeah, yeah, that's what unions
Yeah, what do you mean think that an hour a fair hourly rate for a producer would be? Oh, 40
He just had 40
Pretty fucking friends
40 pregnant Frank furters
Frosted in a pie
That was not a liberation
I think I think probably base rate would be like a hundred and fifty dollars base base base for sure
Yeah, yeah, and all your base for belong to us. I mean how much do we pay you grace?
base
Boy solidarity. Let's hear a grace. I'm I'm legally allowed to ask just a pay raise two days ago to what say it specifically
It might be higher than Jeff, so if you want yeah, are you
Willing and able to hear the number if I didn't do offended? What if it's if it's less I'm gonna feel worse
Yeah, so you want it to be equal or more if I don't say what I make in comparison to what she makes
It'll be because I get more okay. I just put a zoom Katie. Yeah, let's do this
Because she might not want that number out there. Yeah, and we can kind of just Katie make Katie
I think she's making what 160 that salary base that salary base before bonuses before you know
Jeff what Katie is making. Oh employees solidarity. I get drinks with people just to know
So that's Mark. He makes up
Just so I can get bad at people
Well Katie's making up
Oh, she just got her right. It's gone up since the last time I looked
It's hard until leave but I can't get a fucking leaf. I saw I think Marty love yeah
Which is actually great. What are you getting 55 an hour? You don't have to answer that you don't have to answer that
I can't say that because I know it's not it's not 55 an hour if you get paid an American can you five
It's sort of is it a insulate it on a big 40-year-old lady that over. Yeah, I was that work with the exchange rate
And when was the last time yeah, sorry you considered
You'd be making a purchase that was outside Jeff usually
If I could give you a note as a producer yeah
You usually you let the people on the couch kind of do the talk in right? And then we you
And we want to hear from you. We'll throw to you exactly all right, so do you want to try that
Grim and I love that you're like in the room and you're additive, but you're not necessarily looking
You're not looking forward to like yeah
It honestly feels like you're talking more now than ever before like if you're on that cherry you'd be talking a lot
Let's hear from Jeff. Not having the lights on him is like he's sweating
Which again, it's usually the opposite
It's hot in the dark. Let's hear from Grace. It was a question. How much money do you make an answer?
Before I move past that and now you keep like dry and I follow a question what about other networks?
Yeah, oh, do you freelance or radio is 50 an hour according to Dan that was two years ago
So if you're like a part radio I heart when you shut the fuck up
Oh
Second will be what a plan what a plan what a
Are you singing that or is that part of the set of words?
Don't let's either talk about Grace's salary or the fucking strike than the second one. Yes, yeah
So what should we be getting over the next couple years?
426 million instead of 87. Yeah, I don't know the exact numbers actually 429 versus 86
Why did you say the other ones because I fucked it up because I fucked it all all right?
Are you in the live switching with each say because I fucked it all
All right
Every
What a plan
I
You are yes, did you pick it yes, no because I was really sad yesterday
Are you really in the WGA and right early sad what am I supposed to do there's not a pick it happening right now
There was one this morning. I slept through the bitch. There's a meeting tonight at seven
Why would I go to the shrine right? Why would I go to the shrine auditorium to hang out with a bunch of nerds all right?
David young by the way was on the fucking negotiating committee and he flaked out really. Yeah, what does that mean? I think he got scared
He got scared so he left should we call?
You call I don't want to call I haven't talked to him like a year and a half right we can get him on
Really he's not gonna join me as a family and kids
Why did we is on the negotiating committee? He never he's never done this show
I tried to invite him like two years ago. We've called him once or something. Did we call him? Should I call him?
We've seen what it looks like when you try to get someone on the show
Who else do we know in the WGA?
Because I haven't worked again. I saw I was actually ready before we started rolling
I saw my friend Morgan. Nick why I don't know why I hear is on it. Yeah
But he's probably like doing something kind of related to that because we did this 24 hour live stream
Right where I did the doughboys technically and then on the doughboys subreddit
They were like it. This was a bad episode like yeah because it wasn't a real episode
I'd love to redeem myself. Oh, maybe. I mean, it's not really up to us
But yeah, like we kind of have nothing to say. Yeah, yeah, I mean I only work on the show every week
But yeah, maybe I could talk to someone. It's only like 50% of my play. But I don't know
But if it was a bad episode, I don't see them wanting to run. Yeah, I think that's that's where we're kind of running into a head
Yeah, is that it was so bad
How many terms of yeah about this? Oh, I don't know. It's just it comes up a lot when I talk to Emma and Nick and Mitch
That they're like, please do not let Jeff anywhere near the show. They say that more than once
I feel like that's something that you can only say well KC kind of is a friend like he keeps bringing it up every week at our meetings with them
Yeah, I'm trying to look out what did they say you bring it up every week? They don't finally be like that's enough
We get it. Yeah, they're will they're like any talent that we could get on the show and then they look at me and say KC don't say Jeff again
Right, they're like we'd rather not have a show that week. Yeah, they yeah, they do actually say they would rather
Cancel the show. Oh my gosh, then have you?
Gonna pull it from head gum. Yeah, if we ask you in and then Amir are you saying oh my gosh
Yeah, because that's like foul because I am talent no because that you've poisoned the well so much so that you're having one of our biggest shows threat to leave
But I think these like you're stream. I don't think so
I think we all almost had when in the cardiac arrest
Grace in terms of if you don't want to go hourly just say how you you go when you usually make any week
So and how many hours you drag weren't as back in it doesn't matter with the exchange rate
I submit my invoices in dollars and then I get paid in
So it's very interesting. Yeah, does it feel like a more or less? I get about depends on the exchange rate
But generally it's about like 80% it fluctuates around 80% of whatever the dollar amount of submit right now the dollars of
A dollar to UK 80% 80 cents. Yeah, we're weaker. Yeah, pounds falling. That's bad for us one quick
Yeah, things aren't going great over here. Yeah, I have no idea what's going on anyway. We shouldn't have left
I found out that France was right in because of this podcast. We should talk about if we think France is gonna make it
Is it country
Yeah, just
From succession
Isn't that they really that's I think that's exactly what he says that is exactly right
So almost like a I can
Right yeah, if we were a yeah
Succession writer right here. You should do it all a I episode. Oh a chat. Wow. We did an episode
We did a segment called chat Jeff PT
Where was that up
Yeah, yeah, how come none of us know about it because you guys don't listen to the show
Wait a great
Is it 50 an hour just go on the next fucking segment 8th grade history testing is plunging to below average level
I heard about that. Yeah, so the New York turns out Jeff and I listen to the same MPR program
Just one of us retains the information can you pass and eight this 8th grade history
Ask the New York times
Here we go. Let's
Grace this is your first time on the show so let's single you out here and also or you can tell us how much you make an hour and then I'll switch it over to Casey
Don't know you. I'm happy to tell you
Okay, wait, oh really how much
You're not happy to tell me that's so fucked up. It was
But two days ago
All right, I'll take that business is booming
No, because now I have a negotiating tactic
Jeff makes
I make 17 an hour
Here are five questions of medium difficulty from the 8th grade US history test given by the federal government
We're swinging it over to on your for some reason here we go what I listen to and PR to never mind let's go to Casey
What we're European explorers such as Henry Hudson this is gonna be too easy for you
That's why we have to swing it to Casey because it's about Hudson you you broadcast and Hudson New York we should say
Yeah, I'm broadcasting funds in New York right now
Name that for Henry Hudson yeah
Casey what were European explorers such as Henry Hudson looking for when they sailed the coast and rivers of North America in the 1600s
A a water trade route to Asia
Keep going be a land route to South America
C land to use for sugar plantations or D religious freedom
Much like most of my tests. I took an eighth grade. I kind of spaced out while you're giving the information to me sure
I'm gonna say
Trade routes they're looking for trade routes to what continent South America or Asia
Um
I think about it. Yeah, I can't stop thinking of my buddy. I'm going to say like my ass. I don't know what on your
Fair O
I was Casey look at that stuff on my phone. Yeah, I was that app result you're asking
I want to take it up to be really short
You're true that I now that I've thought about it. It's definitely to Asia
That's absolutely right and that was only cuz on you had build you up God he was fucking way off
Leave that my doctor sent me a message about that unbelievable
There's no way it's weird that your doctor was talking about that question. Yeah. I guess he's also an eighth grade or something
Yeah, it's great doctor
She's on your kind of sky
It's great doctor
It's like a misguided attempt on a children's book to be like you can be whatever you want
But it just leads to kids practicing medicine
My eighth grade OBG. Yeah
Such a bummer
Every pap is that normal in your third team and oily
Oh
Grace which of the following is a right guaranteed by the bill of rights of the unit? Oh, that's unfair
States of constitution. Yeah, you can phone a fiend
Do you have to learn about American history and you're oh like we let the learn about European not really not about government to laws
Sometimes no, I don't know what they were teaching what school did you go to milk in
I
No, see if you got the you also
You know, let's get into this. I didn't you tell a story once that there's like a photo of you on the wall at your high school of like famous alumni
We should say because you invited them me when we were at South by once that you you were drunk and you told me this that you put that up there
So let's go back to great
What's the name of your high school?
The name is milk in there's also a public school named middle again, which is a separate school
There's a picture of me there if there is at the public school. No at the school that I went to it's I mean
Class all right, let's go
Which of the following is a is guaranteed on the bill of rights right to public education
Right to health care
Right to trial by a jury right to vote
Which one is it is
the right to vote? No, you know, I don't know
But we are this not health care the correct answer is right to trial by jury
Yeah, we love to litigate in this country. Well, let me challenge you on that for a second
That was that was a litigation
The following passages taken from a proclamation signed by president George Washington
I think it's how you say
70 who's trying to answer this one use from Hamilton George Washington is from Hamilton and Hamilton's from Washington
How weird is that that's not true. Well, it's interesting. Oh, that's the last
Yeah, what's the question the question is the following passages taken from a proclamation signed by
President George Washington in 1793 it appears that a state of war exists between Austria, Prussia, Sardinia
Great Britain and the United Netherlands of the one part and France on the other and the duty and interest of the United States
Require that we should with sincerity and good faith adopted Prussia conduct friendly and impartial towards the belligerent
Combating powers which of the following policies was President Washington recommended
Colonialism new traility imperialism or isolationism
New traility. That's correct. All right three more. Let's go
More all KC on these three
Let's go ratify
KC lightning Donna here. Does he have to leave if he gets him wrong? Yeah, no if you get it them wrong
You have to spank your own ass a camera to if you get them wrong. You have to stay
Yeah, I was like that
I would really be written for you which of the following changes took place in southern states immediately have to
Civil War A access to education became more available to African-American people
B most African-Americans quickly switched from agricultural work to employment and manufacturing
African-American women were given the right to vote
D state governments were required to have African-American people and legislative and executives of offices
Can you do A and B one more time A was access to education was expanded and B was
Black Americans switched from agricultural work to employment and manufacturing. I'm going to go would be
I believe that is absolutely wrong. Yeah, access to education became more available. I didn't know that one
All the other ones I got correct so far, but I didn't get that one right that's like that's the kind of answer that you would hope is the answer
But just from the land this country. I might there's no way that's what happened. Yeah, I can said we
Help put them right back into the capitalist machine. Yeah, that's what I thought. That's what I was saying because wage labor is just
One notch above slave labor. Yeah, which by the way, what's that? Oh, just I was just saying that grace and I are
Sort of the bottom of the barrel
You didn't say that you haven't mentioned my name
Were there any celebrities on the like on the wall of notable? Yeah, I have to say something nobody
It's a very small plot. You've said a lot of everything. Yeah, but I don't understand my grace would be upset
I'm just trying to get her raise a total. I just had more questions and you moved on into this eighth grade history thing and I just wanted to get more
It's like there's still a more question
Yeah, because I don't feel safe because I'm here to wrap in
I got out of here. Yeah, yeah, but no famous people went to my school now. So the other way you put your foot
We're on them. I didn't put my photo. That was a lie. Oh, now you deserve rumors get started
Ridiculous that you would do you think if you had gone to crossroads you would have been more successful and Hollywood
Crossroads is where a lot of celebrities send their children and the answer is yes
I would have been more successful, but you're kind of the only
Celebrity is a good restaurant from your school, which is kind of cool. The only celebrity
I'm sure we have other notable alums on Wikipedia, but I don't know
Anyone has as many Twitter followers as you know, but again, I haven't been there 20 years. What's that?
Did you apply to Harvard West like you just didn't get them?
I have my brother went there and
He's another dude pretty rich pick up because of tech and like investments and
advance best to that but yeah, he yeah, he's a graphic designer
Does he work? Yeah, sorry
You know, I'm a apology accepted. He went to Harvard West. I would just a pretty good
School I applied in seventh grade one of few feeders into Ivy League schools, right? But he went to go to school. I went to public school
Public public all the way even college
You're like college college college in the country. Where are your suits college of art? That's right. Me too. You went there too? No
You just like Massachusetts
Casey and I we lived a boss on the same time. Really you think he has ever
Each other no drink a brew at the same pub? No. No, but we have mutual friends. We have mutual friend. Yeah in Boston. Yeah
Interesting pasta. Yeah, he loves pasta. Which of the following reasons best explains why many people
supported the 18th
I'm locking in answer C but this was what the options were. Which of the following reasons are for the 18th amendment
Which band the sale of alcohol? A they believed that drinking alcohol had a negative impact on society
B they wanted to prevent organized crime from profiting from alcohol sales C they believed that alcohol would hurt the country
The country's ability to fight in the second world war and D they hoped alcohol would become more expensive
If it were made illegal so the correct answer is obviously A and you said C which is that
Before they knew that there was going to be a second world war. They were worried they'd be hung over for it
Yeah, and they were going to call it that's a good world world. I didn't correct
Well, this has you scored four out of five, but that's
Um
I scored five out of five. Well, you said you didn't go. No, you said you don't want no. That's true
Fort five. That's an 80. It's a D by you would lie when you're being recorded. Well, you know
I can I can make any because also we have enough sample especially from a mirror in me
That we can just form AI sentences that say anything. You're right. We could do that like for every episode moving forward
Actually now that you bring it up
Yeah, we were trying and I'm worried about the hosting fee
hosting fee
I don't have to pay the robot anything. I don't think we'd have to pay the robot
Crossroads is also a movie with Britney Spears. Yes
Do you have to any famous people got your high school? No, he's from Ohio
Yeah
Head coach of the Dallas Cowboys went to my high school Jason who
Had coach like currently. I think so. Yeah Jason Garrett. Yeah, I was alleviated of his duties
Okay, placed by
My hearty who went to my high school. So there's no way
This no way
Do you even have a football team? No flag football flag yeah
And I do want to flag that the former head coach of the cowboys went to my high school
Joshua Raiden
Josh Raiden Josh Raiden he's sort of a um the guy from how am I your mother? No
This is uh this guy's a singer song right yeah Joshua Raiden. Oh, I know that guy. Yeah, there you go
Did he have a song called World War Three? No, but that's because I think he's fighting for
I guess what would now be the 31st amendment banning the sale of alcohol again
He's worried we're gonna be hung over for World War Three. I think I did the music for scrubs a lot. Yeah
Yeah, he's like good friends with Zach Braff. The other thing I'll say is um I'm no super man exactly
That could have been him. Yeah, I can do this all on my own
What so good show. I'm thinking oh Chris something he's uh Chris something he's a Broadway actor
He went to my high school. Oh my god something
Anthony Rizzo was a year younger than me. I think his school. Did you ever spank his ass on the baseball
Jim like he made a good pass or something and you're like did I ever spank his ass?
Forget it. Um
Yeah, I wasn't on the baseball. My brother was on the baseball. Who did anybody famous go to your secondary school?
My second year second year one person did Marisael who the hell is that?
You really don't know
Who is that? I don't know um she's what is the UK's
premier like
British Asian and detainers she was in the sketch comedy group called good downstairs meeting was on TV show
Mary to some chief bus car another
It's funny when people are famous in America. They're famous worldwide and people are famous where you're there nobody gives a shit
Oh
No, I'm sorry about that
True, why are we offended it's not look we all know Mr. Bean
I was really
I wish I had a piece of the graph American single
Yeah, so I could do what he's sorry Jeff we're doing a podcast over here
I was talking about we're trying to talk about my parents so arbitrary when people decide to get upset at me
I asked if you guys had an abnormal pap and you guys were just kind of silent and awkward
And then I threw I've had a full information we don't call it a pap
May we're like what is this may test? Oh, just if you ever in the UK and you're trying to get that done
Where the pap does come from is it like a guy's name or is it like the specific I think it's instrument that you think the guy's name
No, I thought it was based on how with the procedures done because usually there's a couple
It's usually done by like a crowd of facts. What's that?
I thought it was because of the way they take the photography or whatever or the scan is usually from like 18 paparazzi
Open your mouth. What does coaster into it?
This is so fucked up
My god, it was really close
The Wall Street Journal asked when you're traveling to an Airbnb beat a hotel
Yeah, not anymore. It was a guy's last name
That's so annoying
You know they wouldn't stay at an Airbnb the G spots also named after a dog. They're guys first
In charge this guy's I've been doing Airbnb
I ended up doing Airbnb's less and less recently
There's less quality
And they definitely
I know
He's going to be saving money anymore
I've never had four days
I'm sorry
I was wondering
Because there's turned out service and yes
Yeah, because there's a bunch of fees. There's no fees
Like a long term
Did you discount? Yeah, at the time and they have a lot of relief
Yeah, it's hard because you can stay around
So I'm a human in
You probably want to do Airbnb then yeah, like you're staying in LA you're staying for like almost a month and a half
Well, you have the option you said you were doing Airbnb in the Franklin Village you could do the Carlotta
You could do this here that because there's sort of these Jeff's Jeff was called G spot in high school
I
Think we might have two ads maybe we do two abrikes. Oh
Where would I have heard the
Why I just I want to know if it was one of those things where he was they were laughing with or at him
You know what I mean like is a cool that he was called that or was it like wasn't entirely unrelated?
I bet it wasn't
Cool, I bet it wasn't cool. It was because was it your wrapping name?
No, I'd ever wrapped it was um I pissed my pants
There was there was there was often a dribble on my khakis
And that's unrelated. Another break. There's no way. Oh my god
Yeah
We did pass the eighth grade fucking thing. I think I'm actually souring on Airbnb. I'm here. What cheer up
Plugs
What do you guys got what do you want to point the people towards the floor's case season will go
Left to right you could follow me on Instagram at kizidani or Twitter. I guess
What's left of it? What's left of it? I'm being wow. Yeah
What a stink town. That's become you cannot listen to the pit wall podcast
What should I do with Jeff sometimes if he wakes up to record the show
What is that noise? Nothing just yeah, you're watching TikToks again during the show
But you're following. Jeff, did you have another segment?
Did we get through all of them? We didn't but it's 55 anything good
We were also going to do something about how scientists finally solved the mystery of how minds made plaster so strong
The secret ingredient
sap
Yeah, great stuff that
Hahaha
There's a whole segment about how uh you can now get a top dad URL
So we're just going to have us all come up with dot dad URLs i had a
Dot dad trying to a dot dad
Pretty good marty michael's divorce dot
Dad nice jack Daniel stole my dot dad
So, not anything good, and then we were going to go in, I mean, we kind of ambiently have
done this, but I wanted to do a whole audit about the producers, because honestly, this
was fucking easy.
Okay, let's do it.
So listen to dough boy, yeah, and can I also say the other one?
No, no.
But sorry, no, no.
But this comes out on, this comes out in two days, so.
It gets, you know, who you're talking to, yeah.
Grace, are you going to have time to edit this in the next few days?
Yeah.
There's a lot of cuts you have to make.
Not really.
I thought it was all gold, except for some of the shit where you guys were coming out
me.
What was funny?
Grace, can you add more of the shit of us coming at him to the...
Oh, yeah, yeah, do it twice.
Run it back.
The more we talk over each other, the less like editing there is to do.
That's what I'm always trying to say is that people need overlapping dialogue, not this
fucking long pause, because people don't know how to respond to something I said or did.
I know what he got.
Because he asked me about a pap smear, and I had nothing.
I couldn't even call for the joke because I was going to lie straight.
Would you say that it was jarred joy?
No.
All right.
I got an effect on the man.
No.
That was beautiful.
I was trying to lie straight.
Now what was I about to say?
Sorry.
No, we had a great time for that.
We had a great time for that.
So about to lie to the poses.
Some of my favorite times on the live show was a good time.
The best part was Miles's segment where he litigated and you and me at 3 a.m.
with KC also there.
Were you in, uh, in the UK at the time?
Yes.
So it was like midday for you.
Were you in that?
Where were you living?
I'm here.
Was that actually how?
You say that's how we plan it?
Bath.
Is that where you live?
No, it's where we're living.
Thank you.
Where do you live?
Good memory.
I mean, you're called me smart.
Do you remember?
Oh, soul.
And that sort of like the baker's field.
The great thing is doing plugs.
I'm wondering because KC did his plugs and then you sort of me and
already started watching TikToks.
It's never the person that I'm talking to her platform job to make sure
everyone speaks just so in the right order.
Are you just, are you live producing like changing camera angles while we talk?
Of course.
I just switched back onto you after I said that thing or while I was talking.
I've been doing as best as I fucking can.
All right.
This shit is hard as shit.
That's the hardest to do.
Sir audit, this shit is hard as shit.
Thank you for finally admitting it.
Sorry, when you're trying to host, too, because I'm fucking, you know, it's person A.
I don't know what he got the plug.
We do have some exciting shows coming at, we have a lot of launches.
I think we should be fair to say that it's, yeah.
Sorry, go ahead.
Well, you've heard a ****.
Shut up.
What brings up?
We have a Will and Grey's body.
Yeah, exactly right.
Are you happy?
Everyone knows now.
Yeah.
Deborah, we're just messing with you.
We're busy, Deborah.
I feel like this will go over well in your, uh, when you ask for a raise.
I think moments like this are the moments I've ever done.
What I'm going to do is bleep that out.
I really will.
Lots to listen to.
I mean, you're made fun of me for this earlier, but I'm always looking for submissions
to my radio show.
Thank you.
I love you so much.
I'll tell you the real radio, the dot love motel.
How do people call me there?
Uh, on our website, the love motelradio.com or on the flyers, all over the office.
Or do you not know how to do it or I want to try to save for them?
Wjxie.org.
You know, yeah.
This is, this is, I've never said something more cancel.
But sometimes I wish I had a direct line to my friends partners, so that they could
like punish them later, you know what I mean?
Like either like, like, like, like, like you just pissed me up.
Like punish vibes?
It could be fetish vibes.
I mean, more like worse, like you're just getting iced out by your partner for the next three
days, and you don't know.
And she won't tell you.
There's no way they would listen to you.
No, but that's what I'm saying.
If I had the direct line, maybe I'm eight, five, seven dial love.
Okay.
So maybe if I could conference call me and Jill, I could get Jake and the dog.
Exactly.
Right.
Yeah.
So maybe we'll put you both on the air.
All right.
And then Amir, you'll just sort of be ignored in your own house.
There we go.
Jill is not Amir's partner.
No, I knew that.
I just was, that was an example of like an impartial thing where it was my baby.
Can we say that?
What is?
Just maybe she's with child, but it's my sperm donor, or you're asking Jeff, if you can say that.
Jeff sort of, Jeff was the arbiter.
I mean, he's a lot of that.
It's a lot of power that's say, yeah.
No, because what I had was two things was I had a meat locker and a turkey bastor.
Exactly.
That was for meat production, but it also ended up being for sheep production.
We had Amir's seed.
Let's add that to the pile.
And guess who else was there?
Andrew Pile.
Exactly.
I'm sure that's why it's wrong.
Grace cut that out.
That'll be for the Patreon.
We do need a Patreon.
What are you looking me for?
I don't know.
One said that, sorry, let me turn in my story telling boys.
Marika, one said that the headgum top breath is a shy carry.
Backs up on the week for a P on the plastic.
A headgum bodgash patreon where I would, what can you do Michael Kay?
Do you want to know this is my shy carry?
Do you?
Gilbert got freed.
You can only need to go to London.
I don't know if we could have a headgum bodgash patreon channel.
It's pretty good actually.
Yeah.
Well, he's like the easiest.
Like you do it.
I'm sure you could do it right now.
I wonder if we can do it.
That wasn't good at all.
Let's keep going.
Grace, what do you have?
Well, a Gilbert got freed in person.
Let's do your plugs as Gilbert got freed.
Can you do a Mr. Bean impression?
Follow me.
That's it.
I'm not in front of you.
I'm in front of you.
I'm not really.
You're going to do Mr. Bean.
That's Mr. Bean.
If you're going to.
That's what they started to do in retirement.
If you're going to do Mr. Bean, you have to eat French fries with a fork.
Oh.
Grace, what do you get?
My mom is from the same town as Mr. Bean.
Really?
Yeah.
The character of Rowan Act.
Rowan Act.
Wow.
Where's that?
Concert count either.
No feast.
You and I buy his accent.
Yeah.
I'm never heard him talk.
Is that the joke?
No.
Mr. Bean.
No match for me.
Oh.
Go.
You haven't seen Blackhead.
It's going to work for the each word you said.
I got nervous that time because I knew that the camera was going to be
out of mass.
Wow.
I feel like you're going to see Blackhead.
No, I'm never.
That's so funny that you would have thought that.
The Rowan Act can't talk.
It's so funny.
You need to think the joke.
Try to be a part of a car or say to it.
I love Blackhead.
I always get it confused with picky blinders.
Was that still the god of being present?
You know, find it surprising that a man has never seen Blackhead.
No, heard of it.
No, I am surprised.
Because it's like a British sitcom that's pretty similar to your sense of humor.
Very dry.
What if he can't see you on a diet?
It's like down the cushion.
It's Jeffrey got free from your on-out.
Wouldn't it be Gilbert, Jalfrey?
It would be the G-Spot for sure.
Plugs.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I work on the head compartment.
It comes in D. Go's on point.
Twinnovation.
And.
Maze all boys.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
In that order.
No.
Of how much you like them to least.
I could do that.
Reverse.
That was a reverse.
This is an order.
And then I have a sub-stack.
Hey, like girls.
Sub-stack.com.
I talk about movies and NBA basketball.
Oh my gosh.
What?
No, indeed.
Do you think Dylan Berksa's ever going to play me NBA again?
Yeah.
I don't see it.
There's a basketball podcast.
Yeah.
How did you become a basketball fan in England?
Um, around 2012-13 through the Oklahoma City Thunder.
So how does the Oklahoma City Thunder reach you?
I loved.
Well, I like LeBron James.
Okay.
You're not on the phone.
Followed him to the heat.
And then through that.
So how old were you in 2010 when he joined the heat?
Guys, you can't see the monitors right now.
But Casey, I'm just not realizing.
Looks like Pedro Pascal.
But Irish.
I'll take it.
You don't sound like him.
So just keep that.
Yeah.
Keep that mouth shut.
Keep that pretty little mouth shut.
So what do we running out right now?
What time?
It's been an hour and 32 minutes.
Yeah.
That's very unfurlful.
After post probably a spelled 42.
37 less.
Yeah.
These are all kind of filling in all the stuff that Jeff said that we have to cut out.
At Jeffrey James on Twitter.
Sorry.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeffrey James on Twitter.
And yeah, do you guys feel like you adequately plugged?
No, Charles Berkeley on Instagram.
All right.
How do you spell that?
Like Charles Barkley.
But with O's instead of A's.
C-H-O-R-L-E-S-B-O-R-K-L-E-Y.
Charles Berkeley.
I'm here.
You guys, are you guys good?
We can just be out right now.
We have to do.
Yes.
We have all stuff to do.
This is everything I dreamed it would be.
That was a hit-dum original.